---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
group: "nav"
---

####Summary
Note: bookkeeping = mining

Fractal is a Proof of Person coin.  Every person in the world gets to bookkeep with equal bookkeeping power by building social relationships with others which provide provably unique accounts per person. So first we build this social relationship graph then we give people who are a part of it free cryptocurrency via mining. They are required to find and connect to people who they trust to not collude within a 1 square mile region. Using our special pooling method, we can get it to the point where bookkeepers practically just steadily earn money every block instead of random block rewards.


Because we are using blockchains for different regions that are connected to blockchains in other regions via a tiered approach, we can get very fast transaction confirmations.  Note that wallets and accounts are not necessarily linked. When you set up a wallet, you link it to a geographic region. We are talking \<0.5 seconds within the same geographic region, 1 second one region up, 2 seconds another region up, and probably safe to promise approximately 5 to 10 seconds for people on the other side of the world. We may even be able to improve that, I've been planning on using blockchains, there may be other faster forms of byzatine agreement once we have these unique IDs in the network.

Additionally, we have plans to make a Stable currency, I have come up with a method for making a currency that keeps a stable value compared to the Fractal Fund that swings in value. Basically we then guarantee that this stable currency will always be redeemable for a variable amount of Fractal Fund at a certain value and that Fractal Fund can always be swapped for Stable currency. The stock has value because we take a portion of the money generated by miners and distribute it amongst Fractal Fund holders.

And we can easily trim the blockchain down to the point that individual customers who so choose can hold on to less than a MB of blockchain and still have it be completely trustless.  Of course those who wish to hold on to more can and we can even reward those who agree to help store the blockchain in a decentralized fashion, so that it should always be accessible even though your average miners can get away with only storing the blocks from the last day and still remain trustless.

Stablecoin and blockchain trimming will not be working in version one.  Additionally we want to release this a month or two in advance to give people a chance to build this social network.

We can eventually add in privacy options and even eventually decentralized chargebacks for theft prevention. Oh, and I solved the Nothing at Stake problem too.. surprisingly simple. :)